Update local build instructions (#4181)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: book/website/community-handbook/local-build.md

$ make book
```

````{attention}

> The `make book` target will only build the book as it stands - it will **not** build the book with the pathways feature enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `make book` target will only build the book using files in your local directory, it will **not** create the pathways pages.
```

To build the book with pathways enabled, see the [](#other-targets:pathways) section below.
````

The build process will create a new folder `book/website/_build/html` where all of the HTML files are saved.

> Open the `book/website/_build/html/index.html` in your web browser to look at your local build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open `book/website/_build/html/index.html` in your web browser to look at your local build.
```

> ### Build a live serve of the book

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Serve the book locally
```

> To build a live serve of the book which automatically refreshes as you make changes locally, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you serve the book, you will have a local copy which updates automatically as you make changes.
To serve the book locally run,
```
